 Key Early Voting Dates & Deadlines | City of Alexandria, VA Skip to main content You're logged in with MyAlex  |  Logout City of Alexandria, VA Search: Most Relevant Most Relevant Oldest First Newest First All Dates All Dates Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 6 Months Last Year Search results cleared Include archived pages Most of the content here is written in English. Translate your search to find more content? Yes, always Translating " " to English... Searching for English phrase " " Menu Live Play Services Business Government Projects & Plans Calendar I want to… Key Early Voting Dates & Deadlines Information regarding Early Voting, how to receive a ballot by mail, or vote in person. Page updated on August 25, 2026 at 10:06 AM Voter Registration & Elections Voting in Alexandria Registering to Vote Key Absentee Voting Dates & Deadlines Be a Precinct Election Officer Services for Persons with Disabilities Guidelines for News Media During Elections Precinct Map Alexandria Electoral Board Campaign Finance Reports Share Language English / English Spanish / Español Amharic / አማርኛ Arabic / عربى Chinese / 中文 French / Français German / Deutsch Italian / Italiano Japanese / 日本/トルコ Korean / 한국어 Pashto / پښتو Persian / فارسی Russian / Перевести Turkish / Türk X WARNING: You have chosen to translate this page using an automated translation system. This translation has not been reviewed by the City of Alexandria and may contain errors. .coa_translate_custom_dropdown{padding:2px;font-size:1em;display:inline !important;margin:0 !important} Voting — In Person The first day of in-person early voting for the November 3, 2026, General Election will be Friday, September 18, 2026 . You can download an early voting information flier with a full schedule here . Voting during normal business hours: Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Office of Voter Registration and Elections (132 N Royal Street, Suite 100.) The office will be closed October 12. Beatley Central Library (5005 Duke Street) will open for early voting for weekend hours starting Sunday, October 18, 2026. See schedule below for a full list of voting hours at Beatley. Complete Early Voting Schedule for Beatley Central Library for the November 3, 2026, General Election Day Date Times Sunday October 18 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Friday October 23 1 p.m. - 5 p.m. Saturday October 24 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sunday October 25 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Monday October 26 1 p.m. - 7 p.m. Tuesday October 27 1 p.m. - 7 p.m. Wednesday October 28 1 p.m. - 7 p.m. Thursday October 29 1 p.m. - 7 p.m. Friday October 30 1 p.m. - 5 p.m. Saturday October 31 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Extended evening and weekend hours for voting at 132 N Royal Street, Suite 100 are listed in the schedule below. These are in addition to voting during our regular business hours. Early Voting Extended Evening and Weekend Hours, Office of Voter Registration and Elections (132 N Royal Street, Suite 100) Day Date Times Sunday October 18 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Saturday October 24 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sunday October 25 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Monday October 26 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. Tuesday October 27 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. Wednesday October 28 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. Thursday October 29 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. Friday October 30 Regular business hours Saturday October 31 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. The last day for in-person early voting at both our Royal Street and Beatley Library locations is Saturday, October 31, 2026. In-person early voting begins 45 days prior to each primary and general election. No appointment is needed. By Mail Voting The quickest way to request a by mail ballot is to apply online through the  Virginia Department of Elections  website.   This process is only for voting by mail and is not used for voting early in person.  Step 1: Apply Apply online through the  Department of Elections website . You will need your social security number and a Virginia Driver's license or Virginia DMV-issued ID number.  Or; Complete a paper application. Use the links below to download an application. You may also call our office (703-746-4050), and we will send you an application.  Download Virginia Vote by Mail Application  Return the completed application to our office by mail (132 North Royal St., Suite 100, Alexandria, VA. 22314), fax (703.746.4540) or scanned email attachment ( VoteAbsentee@alexandriava.gov ). The deadline to submit an application to have a ballot mailed to you is 5pm on the 11th day prior to an election.  Applications  must be received at the Voter Registration Office by this time. You can check to see the status of your application and ballot on the  Virginia Department of Elections  website.  Step 2: Mark your ballot  Ballots are mailed to voters beginning 45 days before an election. After the mailing period begins, ballots are mailed within three business days via first class mail. Follow the instructions enclosed with your ballot materials. If you make a mistake, email voteabsentee@alexandriava.gov or call 703-746-4050.  Step 3: Return your ballot If you return your ballot by mail or a commercial delivery service (Fedex, UPS, etc), your ballot envelope must be postmarked (or dated by commercial delivery service) before 7pm on Election day AND received by the Officer of Voter Registrations & Elections by 12 noon the Friday after the election.  OR; Return your ballot at a Drop Box. Information on drop boxes is available in the section below. If you decided to vote in person, either early or on election day, bring the ballot you received in the mail with you!  Permanent Absentee Voting List  As of July 1, 2021 all registered voters can request to be added to the permanent absentee voting list. Voters on the permanent absentee list will be automatically mailed a ballot to their residence address for every general election and primary election (if the voter selects a political party for primary elections). Voters who choose not to be added to the permanent list still have the option of requesting a mail-in ballot for single elections. Voters who wish to remove their name from the permanent absentee voter list can submit the  Permanent Absentee Voter Cancel Request .  Drop Box A secure outdoor ballot drop box will be available in front of the Office of Voter Registration & Elections, from the start of early voting till 7pm on Election Day. This drop box is under video surveillance and available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Ballot drop boxes will also be available at all polling places on Election Day from 6am-7pm.   Track Your By Mail Ballot Two tools are available to track your ballot.  Confirm your Application has been Approved through the  VA Department of Elections' Citizens portal.   Click "Check Registration Status". Enter the required information. Click "Submit".  Scroll down to the Absentee Section.  Check the Application Received column for the current election.   If you do not see the election listed, your application is still being processed. Track your Ballot on its way to you Enter your name and the address where the ballot is being mailed.  What if I’m Currently Living Overseas or in the Military? Download a Federal Postcard Application (FPCA for military and overseas voters)  (fillable pdf) Complete the application and fax it back to us at 703.838.6449. We can also accept a scanned version of the signed application transmitted via email,  VoteAbsentee@alexandriava.gov . This application must be received by our office or postmarked no later than 22 days before Election Day if you need to register and no less than  11 days before  Election Day if you have already registered. A single FPCA is valid for all elections that occur from the time the application is submitted through December 31 of the following year. You must reapply for military/overseas absentee ballots after that time, or whenever your overseas address changes. Military and overseas citizen absentee voters may receive their ballots by email, but the ballot must be returned by either U.S. mail or commercial courier (UPS, DHL, FedEx, etc.) so that your ballot is postmarked by election day and that we receive your voted ballot no later than Noon on the Friday after the election. You will find very useful information on overseas voting from the  Federal Voting Assistance Program  and the  Virginia Department of Elections.  What Do I Do if I Mark My Ballot Incorrectly or if it Doesn’t Arrive in the Mail? ­Statement of Voter who lost or did not receive absentee ballot  Please call our office immediately at 703.746.4050 if you destroy or spoil your original ballot. If there is time before the election, we can send you a replacement , but you must first return the spoiled ballot to us. If you lost or never received your ballot, we need you to complete a statement to that effect (See 'Statement of Voter who lost or did not receive absentee ballot") If you are in Alexandria and able to come to our office, we can issue a replacement ballot. You may also go to your regular polling place on Election Day, and vote there in-person. If you have your spoiled ballot with you, you may turn it in and vote normally. If you do not have it with you, you may vote a Provisional Ballot. Provisional Ballots are not counted on Election Day, but once we verify that we did not receive your absentee ballot, we will accept and count your Provisional Ballot. If you are out of town, we will issue a replacement ballot after we receive your returned spoiled ballot or signed replacement ballot request. Certain ill or disabled voters who have not received or have spoiled their ballot and are unable to come to our office in person for a replacement may designate an individual to pick up and return a replacement ballot on their behalf. Please call our office at 703.746.4050 for more information. What if I am Hospitalized or Called out of Town after the Absentee Deadline? Virginia law has two special emergency provisions. The first is for medical emergencies, and covers persons who become hospitalized, ill and confined to their homes, or are bereaved by the death of a spouse, child, or parent after the deadline to request a ballot by mail. The voter may request a ballot up until 2:00 p.m. on the Monday before the election by designating a representative to pick up and return the ballot on the voter’s behalf. The representative must deliver the voter's completed  application  by 5:00 p.m. on the Monday before the election and return the voted ballot by 7:00 p.m. on Election Day for it to be counted. The second is for persons who learn (after 12 noon on the Saturday before the election) that they will be out of town on Election Day for business or for personal family medical reasons (including death of a family member). They may come to our office between 8:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. on the Monday before the election and vote an emergency absentee ballot. Please call our office at 703.746.4050 for more information about emergency absentee ballots. Office of Voter Registration and Elections 132 North Royal Street, Suite 100 Alexandria, VA 22314 Phone: 703.746.4050 Fax: 703.746.4540 Election Official Standards of Conduct Integrity * Neutrality * Transparency * Accuracy   Contact Us Alex311 | 703.746.4311 Follow Us BlueSky Facebook X YouTube Visitor Information VisitAlexandriaVA.com Jobs Payments Departments Newsroom Social Media Emergency Hotlines Accessibility FOIA Requests Privacy & Legal © 1995– 2023 City of Alexandria, VA and others . Hold on, redirecting... 